[Music]
I'd make sure it's known the company for
business I see that it had a certain
panache that's what I know that not the
work not the work presentation kielbasa
sausage Jesus beluga caviar and of
course who could live without German
cigarettes kill as many as you can find
it's more fresh fruit the real rarities
oranges lemons finally several boxes of
German cigars the best and dark
unsweetened chocolate open the chambers
ladyfingers a chunk of chocolate because
my hands you settle the flying tastings
fine hundreds not make it 10 for
Wednesday all this stuff here goes to
matters
I lost the worker I expect to be
compensated
[Music]
how about for my dream this morning oh
it's broken sharing a room with 12
people at dinner
do you have any question sir yeah I was
top down I'm [ __ ] freezing
[Music]
cartoon
[Applause]
there's no puppy I have to fight that
Iraq that is I can
the list is life its marginal spice the
cup
[Music]
you